Once again, it's the source code
we're on a Monday 23rd of August
Hi everybody, it's Adam Curry
to you from Curry Castle in
I am exhausted.
It's been an incredibly long day
of course started with the alarm
kicking in at 3.30
to go off to the radio show
went well.
I had to come home pretty
because the people I told you
who come to see the
house twice already, well they
to come today for the third and
time and so
it looks like they're all just
set to make an offer.
So hopefully stuff will move
and we can move on with our
So today is going to be a little
of a short.
version of source code because
I got home, remember this is
an hour and a half drive,
and there was also an accident
the highway, so it took about
hours to get home. Then we had
to go check out Christina's new
which is in Antwerp, the
school or the Antwerp
International School, which will
going to at least for the next
of months. Excuse me?
No. Batteries? Van lights?
how are you? It's medium open,
much car? It's real. Okay.
Okay.
I'm not going to do it.
No, I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not going to do it.
Sorry.
This cracks me up. That was my
Patricia who just walked in. She
what I'm doing.
She knows I'm recording and
she'll insist to come in and try
just mess me
up, which is really part of the
I wanted to talk about today. I
the interesting
blog post from Dave Slusher from
Evil Genius Chronicles at
And I know that he had tried out
iPod or script and he sent me a
I think he
dropped me a comment on my web
and he said that he had created
Pearl script version
that does the same thing. Only
was somewhat more complete where
just throw a text
file in with the URLs to the
that you subscribe to you want
subscribe to and
get the MP3s from. So you can
that kind of manually. And his
runs automatically
through a Cron script.
because he's running it on a
So his pro script is called get
enclosures.pl.
And I'm writing up a whole kind
an essay about
what Steve Gilmore calls the
platform.
And so now that we also have the
IPH Potter, which is built in a
So I got to build a little
to all of that.
But as I said, it took us a long
to get back through traffic from
school,
from our meeting with the
and some of the staff and
there.
So then I got back and I found
Dave Slosher's script
was done, I downloaded it, it
it's extremely cool and I will
about that.
But maybe even more funny is
he's audio blogging his evil
chronicles.
And I'm gonna play a little
from that.
where, well, you listen to it
then you'll see what I mean.
Hold on.
Interestingly enough, my wife,
tends to be a skeptic about
kinds of things,
when I said something about the
blog, made the statement,
what are you saying that's so
you need to do this audio blog?
Which actually, you know, is a
question to ask and a reasonable
to examine.
Ultimately, I think the deal is
there's no real need that's an
access to the real question.
The question is not what's so
You know, we're not audio
because it's so important.
We're audio blogging because
another tool in the toolkit.
It's another different, you
interesting kind of novel way of
with people.
And one of the things that gets
in a lot of online
textual communication is nuance
people's voice.
and you lose a lot of humor of
because you don't hear people
and you don't kind of hear the
tone of voice.
And so this is just a different
way to form connections between
So there's actually a gap in
that's missing where my wife
by and rolled her eyes at me as
doing this.
And so you know she generally
to think that most of the stuff
kind of dumb.
And I can't necessarily say that
wrong.
It's important to remember that
know for as self-important as
tend to be about the
99% of anyone you will ever meet
that you're full of shit.
So that's an important kind of
thing that we need to keep that
think we're bringing about the
and everyone else thinks we're a
So, you know, gotta keep the
I actually made notes for this
because I wanted to do it.
Okay, so it was interesting that
actually pulled that excerpt
his blog post from
yesterday from the 22nd, because
has exactly the same thing at
whereas wife walks
in, rolls her eyes, like, you
you're fucking crazy.
What are you doing talking to
Who are you talking to and how
you going to make money on this?
Is this what you're going to do
the rest of your life?
Well, clearly, if we both had
same situation, we found each
so quickly in the game,
there's gotta be more of us and
stuff to be done, I presume.
So right, oh yes, I wanted to
you a song of the day.
This is from Dutch band, jazz
a whole bunch of different
They did play at the Nord Sea
Festival.
I think it was not this year,
this past show, but the year
that.
And this is from... I think the
album released.
And I've linked to it before on
blog.
This one's called How the Wind
Check it out.
And we're coming blue in the
I see a little girl.
She won the stool world.
But something's wrong with her.
She walks barefoot with a turd.
A young child without a home.
Sniffs go to carry on.
Why should we cry for him?
We just... a j-woke.
And I talk about the wind move.
I don't know if this is bad or
This is so sad.
How the wind blows.
I don't know.
This is Batchoo, this is so sad
There is this little boy, he's
a living time
No mane on holiday
Pays my, it's okay
How the wind blows, and I don't
This is Batchoo, this is so sad
And I don't know
Start moving and keep me
I am a few Ten thousand bodies,
by the enemy.
So cold but...
I am a few Ten thousand bodies,
by the enemy.
How the wind blows, I don't know
is bad, you know this is so sad,
know how the wind blows, I don't
this is sad, you know this is so
you know
So sad to know
Look in the industry...
chat Mia
It's a sad thing, but you're
mode Jones how the wind blows
yeah man never bother
that their entire album by the
was recorded all on a Macintosh
Pro Tools did at
their house in their attic these
really are starving musicians
them on the radio
show a couple times and they're
and power to them I think they
some really
great tunes oh by the way hope
noticed that my audio is no
crackling the quality
should be a little bit higher
using a combination of two
that basically give me what
I want one of them is a wiretap
allows me to record the audio
any application
there are a couple of different
that do that like audio hijack
there's a program
that I found. It's not perfect,
it points out to me
through a comment on my blog
about better software for audio
It's called Live
L-I-V-E is for the Macintosh and
does give me the ability to
my microphone
and makes tracks. I can even
assign keys to different clips
play. Yeah, I
mean, there's a few, it's
an overly complicated interface
someone who's just
doing simple blogging stuff. But
you could switch between a real
version of this
interface with what's running
and then this more vast expanded
that would
be perfect. Now, of course, the
to this is it only works with
files and
not with MP3s. So first you have
convert any MP3s who want to
to AIFF and then
you have to import them. So it
to be a little bit of an ordeal,
we're getting
closer. And with that, I'd say
going to wrap up this version of
daily source
code. Again, there's an essay
about the iPod or
Or the iPod platform and the
versions of iPod are there now
there and
You know hopefully how we're
close to creating something so I
talk to you tomorrow as we
But what is tomorrow is tomorrow
Wednesday hump day? I'll see you
The power of the sword is not.
I